c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\Kursova.exe.config
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\Kursova.exe
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\Kursova.pdb
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.Form1.resources
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.exe
c:\users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.pdb
C:\Users\stud\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.EmployeeForm.resources
C:\Users\stud\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\stud\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\stud\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.UserForm.resources
C:\Users\stud\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.EditForm.resources
C:\Users\stud\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\stud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.ServiceForm.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\Kursova.exe.config
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.exe
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.pdb
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\Kursova.exe
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\Kursova.pdb
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.EditForm.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.EmployeeForm.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.Form1.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.ServiceForm.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.UserForm.resources
d:\EDUC\Kursach\КП_Ющенко_ПР-132\Продаж квитків\Kursova\Kursova\obj\Debug\Kursova.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
